docs: initial docs for chainhub (#1142)
Agoric/documentation: main/guides/orchestration/chainhub.md

# ChainHub

The [ChainHub API](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/859d8c0d151ff6f686583db1eaf72efb89cc7648/packages/orchestration/src/exos/chain-hub.js#L99) is responsible managing chain and IBC connection information. It facilitates the registration and retrieval of chain and connection data.

```js
const zone = makeDurableZone(baggage);
const { agoricNames } = remotePowers;
const chainHub = makeChainHub(agoricNames, zone);
```

The `makeChainHub` function accepts a `Remote<NameHub>` reference (`agoricNames`) and an optional `Zone` for managing data durability. The `makeChainHub` fuction creates a new `ChainHub` instance either in the specified zone or in the heap if no zone is provided. The resulting object is an Exo singleton, which means it has no previous state. Its state consists only of a cache of queries to `agoricNames` and the information provided in registration calls.

> The `ChainHub` objects maintains two `MapStores`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ChainHub` object maintains two `MapStores`:
```

- `chainInfos`: For storing `CosmosChainInfo` objects.
- `connectionInfos`: For storing `IBCConnectionInfo` objects.

These `MapStores` are not exposed directly. They are abstracted and used internally by the methods provided by the ChainHub.

> # ChainHub Interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ChainHub APIs
```

> The core functionality is encapsulated within the `makeChainHub` function, which sets up a new `ChainHub` in the given zone. The `ChainHub` is responsible for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core functionality is encapsulated within the `makeChainHub` function, which sets up a new `ChainHub` in the specified zone. The `ChainHub` provides the following APIs:
```

> ## **chainHub.registerChain(name, chainInfo)**

Reviewer: Either remove `chainHub` in all APIs or add to all of them. 
I think for cleaner presentation you may just delete `chainHub` in all. 

Also, because this is a heading, you may also delete the parameters. But I haven't seen at other pages to confirm what is the convention here.

Author: Adding `chainHub` with all APIs. Followed conventions [from here](https://rs-chainhub-documentation.documentation-7tp.pages.dev/reference/ertp-api/issuer.html#issuer-object)

- name: **string**
- chainInfo: **CosmosChainInfo**

> Stores information about a chain inside the `chainInfos` mapstore, which can be used for quickly looking up details without querying a remote source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stores information about a chain in the `chainInfos` MapStore, enabling quick lookup of details without querying a remote source.
```

```js
const chainInfo = harden({
  chainId: 'agoric-3',
  icaEnabled: false,
  icqEnabled: false,
  pfmEnabled: false,
  ibcHooksEnabled: false,
  stakingTokens: [{ denom: 'uist' }],
});
let nonce = 0n;

const chainKey = `${chainInfo.chainId}-${(nonce += 1n)}`;

chainHub.registerChain(chainKey, chainInfo);
```

## **chainHub.getChainInfo(chainName)**

- chainName: **string**
- Returns: **Vow\<ActualChainInfo\<K\>\>**

> Retrieves stored chain information from the `chainInfos` mapstore or fetches it from a remote source if not available locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves stored chain information from the `chainInfos` MapStore or fetches it from a remote source if not available locally.
```

```js
chainHub.getChainInfo('agoric-3');
```

> ## **registerConnection(chainId1, chainId2)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## **chainHub.registerConnection(chainId1, chainId2)**
```

- chainId1: **string**
- chainId2: **string**
- Returns: **IBCConnectionInfo**

> Stores information about a connection between two chains in `connectionInfos` mapstore, such as IBC connection details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stores information about a connection between two chains in `connectionInfos` MapStore, such as IBC connection details.
```

```js
const chainConnection = {
  id: 'connection-0',
  client_id: '07-tendermint-2',
  counterparty: {
    client_id: '07-tendermint-2',
    connection_id: 'connection-1',
    prefix: {
      key_prefix: '',
    },
  },
  state: 3 /* IBCConnectionState.STATE_OPEN */,
  transferChannel: {
    portId: 'transfer',
    channelId: 'channel-1',
    counterPartyChannelId: 'channel-1',
    counterPartyPortId: 'transfer',
    ordering: 1 /* Order.ORDER_UNORDERED */,
    state: 3 /* IBCConnectionState.STATE_OPEN */,
    version: 'ics20-1',
  },
};

chainHub.registerConnection('agoric-3', 'cosmoshub', chainConnection);
```

> ## **getConnectionInfo(chain1, chain2)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## **chainHub.getConnectionInfo(chain1, chain2)**
```

- chain1: **string** | { chainId: **string** }
- chain2: **string** | { chainId: **string** }
- Returns: **Vow\<IBCConnectionInfo\<K\>\>**

> Retrieves stored connection information from `connectionInfos` mapstore or fetches it from a remote source if not available locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves stored connection information from `connectionInfos` MapStore or fetches it from a remote source if not available locally.
```

```js
const chainConnection = await E.when(
  chainHub.getConnectionInfo('agoric-3', 'cosmoshub'),
);
```

> ## **getChainsAndConnection(chainName1, chainName2)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## **chainHub.getChainsAndConnection(chainName1, chainName2)**
```
